For the setup via ssh follow the official guide here:
https://github.com/rootzoll/raspiblitz

At the workshop we'll setup mainnet bitcoin & lightning nodes.

Feel free to choose between having it on the "public" clearnet - so with an IP anybody can see and potentially trace
OR
"Private" via the TOR integration

They both have different advantages.
PUBLIC
Gives you an easier way to pay to basically anyboody (see disadvantages of tor) and 
Can take advantage of the Mobile wallets that you can directly connect to your raspiblitz if it has a public ip
Currently those are:
    ZAP (iOS/Android)
    Shango (iOS/Android)
    Zeus (iOS/Android)

PRIVATE
TOR should give you a higher degree of privacy as your IP address is not visible to anyone. 
This has the side effect that you don't "publicly" announce you are involved with bitcoin and have open lightning channels.
The big disadvantage I have found is that "incoming" payments coming from the clearnet can often not be routed to you.
It also can make it harder to pay "out" of tor to "public" lightning nodes.




After you have chosen your weapon now setup the touchscreen.
If you have the official touchscreen it might be as easy as activating "touchscreen" in Services of the raspiblitz

This wasn't the case for me and for many others that have tried.

So my workaround was adding the driver needed for my touchscreen manually.
1. Go to console on the raspiblitz. Should read something like admin@raspiblitz:

2. Git clone your driver. A driver for most raspipi screens can be found here:
git clone https://github.com/goodtft/LCD-show.git

3. Change permission 
chmod -R 755 LCD-show

4. Load the driver
cd LCD-show/
./LCD32-show <- with ls checkout all files that are in the folder, you might need to start a different one, I had this 3,2 inch screen

If you want a turned screen in the other direction the command reads
./LCD32-show 180
instead

This should work if your screen was before completely white, raspiblitz should now restart and show you it's status. 
